(dramatic music)
- When someone asks if
they're proportioned
correctly for X3 or if
they're too big or too small
or something like that.
Andre Drummond is an NBA player,
he's actually a hall of famer NBA player,
he plays for The Detroit Pistons.
He has no trouble doing
any of the movements,
obviously he has very wide shoulders
there's also seven NFL players
that are using X3 and
the numbers are growing
all the time.
Recently a lot of NFL
players have been talking
about X3 and they've been
switching completely over
so they're dropping weights and using X3.
Just a little side note,
working with athletes is great because
they don't care how much
they bench of squat.
They're paid to perform on the field,
so they're gonna do whatever is best,
which is a great segway into
talking about bar width.
So another question we get is
why isn't the bar wider?
I like to do wide grip bench press.
So the reason people like
wide grip bench press
is because it's easier, or
you can handle more weight.
Because the distance the arm has to travel
when it's matched with the shoulders
is a lot longer than if you grab out here
this is a shorter distance.
Now that's okay if you're
doing like a feat of strength
if you're in a bench press competition,
a wide grip is a better idea,
because you're gonna be
able to handle more force.
But really a wide grip is great for
talking about your bench press.
So like a lot of the guys on the internet,
they like bragging about
how much they bench,
but that doesn't mean you're stronger.
So X3 is designed to get you stronger
so just in a simple illustration.
Where is the pectoral if I put my arm
out here like I'm doing a wide grip,
is the pectoral fully
contracted right here?
No, its fully contracted right here.
So you're actually not
stimulating the muscles
you're trying to stimulate
when you do wide grip.
So wide grip is really just great
if you wanna talk about your bench press,
not actually get stronger.
X3 is for getting stronger.
So you want a much more narrow grip
so you can squeeze those pectorals,
and stimulate what you're
intending to stimulate
when doing the contraction.